Hey, I'm Jake, and that is a circle.
And that circle is you.
Well, kind of I'll explain
that more in the next video.
For now, welcome to module one.
Okay.
This is where your journey begins.
And I don't mean that lightly because
before we can reclaim our lives
and reconnect to who we really are,
we have to understand how we got
disconnected in the first place.
In this module, we're not just
talking about psychology for fun,
but it's like really fun, right?
No.
We're looking at how the world around
you shaped the person you think you
are and what it taught you to hide.
We're going to explore the system that
handed you a mask, convinced you it
was your real face, and then punished
you anytime you tried to take it off.
Now, it's not about blame, okay?
It's about awareness,
because awareness is power.
By the end of this module, you'll see
clearly where the persona you've been
performing came from, why it feels so
hard to take off, and you'll identify
what masks you wear and when you tend
to wear them, even without realizing it.
You'll walk away with a deeper
understanding of yourself than most
people get in a lifetime, and a powerful
exercise to help you begin remembering
the truth of who you really are.
So let's dig in.